James Gonzales: Good.
James Gonzales: Nice got a budget. Thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I just want to make sure, because I know this is our first time last time I'm having this session. Did you check into virtual clinic.
First
James Gonzales: No, I didn't. I wasn't sure because I just had your straight number. So yeah, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know, since you're here. What I'll do is we'll wrap up a little earlier. And then I'm happy to check into
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Marketplace. Right.
James Gonzales: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So how has
James Gonzales: All its day was pretty good.
James Gonzales: Pretty good. Um,
James Gonzales: I see Miss Kendall john G optimize
James Gonzales: My dose of little bit so
James Gonzales: Because I was kind of going it we're kind of wasn't enough through the night, and so
James Gonzales: But so today was the first day I got to try. You know what I mean, God God and I fully where
James Gonzales: I feel real good and then
James Gonzales: I had a good day yesterday, too, because I went back to
James Gonzales: You know where I was staying before. And guys, I had to get my birth certificate and my, I had to add Mike a briefcase, you know,
James Gonzales: And I had to grab a couple close and
James Gonzales: That went well too. I mean, because I all I really wanted was my you know my credentials and I was able to get that and get out, you know, in, get out of there before you know temptations got over me. You know, I guess I could say, oh, cuz yeah that's the spot that's fine but
James Gonzales: But you know, I mean, that's why I waited. I waited until our stabilized on the on the Suboxone so
James Gonzales: It wasn't hard at all. I was just
James Gonzales: But
James Gonzales: You know there's everything else, or the women and everything out, you know, but I just did my thing. I had done my stuff's at hiring, whatever. And I left you know right away, but I had my reg waiting for me so that helped to, you know,
James Gonzales: Um, and then
James Gonzales: And then I have all these papers I'm going through and which is good too, because I found, I found
James Gonzales: The phone number because he always having problems with one of my, my goal was for my cuz my license, you know, remember that, how, how am I the cops took my license.
James Gonzales: Yeah. And that was one of my goals to get, you know, remember to give
James Gonzales: I had to get obtain that so I had to get the proof of residency and then to get my physical, but I think I might
James Gonzales: And even though I have my papers that still everything is still working out. I'm just waiting on the residency papers, but
James Gonzales: I found a paper when I got arrested. They gave me a, I guess they took my license into evidence. I don't know why, you know, they took my wallet into evidence. So I'm hoping
James Gonzales: I'm so I'm going to call tomorrow and and I'm hoping that they give it back to me, you know, because it doesn't expire to the end of this month.
James Gonzales: I mean the end of this year. And so I will. I'll just be able to invite to do that, then I could just start a job, you know,
James Gonzales: Immediately, and
James Gonzales: Yeah, so I'm hoping for that.
James Gonzales: Song.
James Gonzales: Yeah, I mean everything's kind of falling into place. And basically what I
James Gonzales: Mean, you know, I mean, trying to say.
James Gonzales: But, um, I just had to be a little patient
James Gonzales: You know, because
James Gonzales: It didn't seem like it was
James Gonzales: Going to have first, you know,
James Gonzales: I had my doubts, but
James Gonzales: I think this and you guys helped me out the most you know
Made it must
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: First showed up group like even your physical state you look healthier.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah livelier you look hopeful.
Signs of sobriety.
James Gonzales: Yeah.
James Gonzales: Yeah, thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Decide that you were able to put some things in place and to communicate to the doctor, you know, some of those triggers and strong craving so that she can also support you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And put in place.
James Gonzales: Yeah, the group didn't go so well again yesterday. There's only us to two of us.
Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She told me ahead of time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I don't, you know what, I'll just, I'll just use that extra hour to just chill out.
James Gonzales: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well hopefully the group gets bigger because I paint.
James Gonzales: Is it because there's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is that because, sorry. Is it because there's no
James Gonzales: You guys don't need more customers or is there is there actually people to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: China. Yeah, we have several different groups in New Mexico that run multiple times throughout the day.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Monday through Friday. Okay. Um, and so we establish a new group to create a new candle and I but
James Gonzales: Because I already have those patients establish
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This group is going to be based on new patients so we
James Gonzales: Don't have much
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: New admissions. I'm definitely I'm busy. As far as clients go but it's the group. So we have
James Gonzales: Three or more
James Gonzales: That's kind of good though. I kind of
James Gonzales: liked that idea better because
James Gonzales: You know, I'll be able to start new know getting to know people or whatever, and they won't be so
James Gonzales: You know, I mean like
James Gonzales: I won't be such the new guy.
James Gonzales: Yeah, you know, I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I think it's going to be really exciting.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And really good once we develop the group. I'm excited to to be able to just, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Create a platform for all of you guys to share your experiences and helpful solutions for your triggers and your cravings.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What worked well which relies doesn't work well for you because the therapists and the doctors perspective is important, but you guys perspective is equally important, too.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because that peer support has shown
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Successful in addiction, so
James Gonzales: Once
James Gonzales: Once we get started.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I know it'll continue to to succeed, just, you know, get a more participants.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's on your mind. Would you like to chat about during our session today.
James Gonzales: I'm
James Gonzales: See what else happened to
James Gonzales: Me as my daughter's birthday on Saturday. Oh.
James Gonzales: Yeah, a while. It's like, actually, it's going to be the first time I senior to in life. And since I got out because I had to do my isolation and all that, whatever. And so
James Gonzales: It actually landed right on time because I just finished my two weeks, like, you know, the other day, so I don't know. I'm gonna go. She's my she's my mom's got her, you know, so
James Gonzales: I'm gonna go and get to go here. But then we're going to do also that online party and whatever.
James Gonzales: Or the
James Gonzales: Like the zoom party person for for
James Gonzales: The rest of people that can't go home and stuff like that so
But
James Gonzales: I think it'll be okay.
James Gonzales: She had an awesome one last year, she went the main event.
James Gonzales: I happen to just get out of jail that like a week or two before that's that's crazy. I just realized that there. It happened, the same I got out like about the same time both more times.
James Gonzales: And
James Gonzales: I was only out for like a week but
James Gonzales: I was able to go to her awesome birthday party, a
James Gonzales: Main Event and go bowling and everything. And she was really happy that I was there, you know,
So,
James Gonzales: So I'm glad to be there, you know,
James Gonzales: Again, even though I miss Christmas and all that. But, you know, our birthday is like
James Gonzales: I think
James Gonzales: Kids are more excited about their birthday today because it's all, it's all it belongs to them, you know, mean
James Gonzales: Well, it's gonna be good.
James Gonzales: She's gonna she spoiled, you know, she spoiled so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, that's exciting that's being in the garden for a long time. And now, given that opportunity to see her and celebrate that milestone and then for you to this is a milestone for you because you get to be a part of her birthday so
James Gonzales: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Emotion best associated with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Their nervous about anything.
James Gonzales: I'm
James Gonzales: Not nervous, but I'm
James Gonzales: Not, I don't know, like
James Gonzales: She's, she's a kind of understanding. I talked to her all the time, I'd be down the phone book.
James Gonzales: Understanding more or less kind of what happened.
James Gonzales: And the whole thing. So
On
James Gonzales: You know, I wish I could do more. I wish I would have done all this would have been finished earlier, you know, but
James Gonzales: I don't know, she's happy that
James Gonzales: I'm about to get, you know, an apartment and all that stuff, you know, and you know, at least I told her, you know, I'll always be there for, you know, and I won't ever lie to you so
James Gonzales: That's pretty much what she had a few questions about some things that had happened, you know,
And
James Gonzales: Destruction and work.
James Gonzales: Around me but
James Gonzales: I just got just tell her. Oh, I
James Gonzales: Never did
James Gonzales: Yeah, but
James Gonzales: She also talks to her older sister.
James Gonzales: Which I raised since she was five. She's 18 now so
James Gonzales: Eight years apart.
And
James Gonzales: They used to hate each other, but they, you know, they're really they're real close now.
I know
James Gonzales: You talked to every day. She's a good, good, too. So she's a good influence on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is your, your only daughter, you only tell them
James Gonzales: Yeah, biologically yeah my her sister.
James Gonzales: She
James Gonzales: Came into her life. And she's like, for
James Gonzales: Eric gathers data ready so
James Gonzales: She called me fat and everything passion.
James Gonzales: So I raised it up until I guess 1616
James Gonzales: So,
James Gonzales: You know,
James Gonzales: Because it's been a couple years now.
James Gonzales: And
James Gonzales: I mean, they didn't used to hate each other, but they, you know,
James Gonzales: At that age where one on one. She was just always bothering her or whatever but
James Gonzales: They were, they were they were really close to them, especially, especially after
James Gonzales: The initial breakup. And then, you know, then they move together to a different place. But I think that's when they got a little closer.
James Gonzales: You know next stop fighting so much
And
James Gonzales: And then
James Gonzales: And then I think that they, I think they kind of lost contact for
James Gonzales: A little while, like a good, a good
James Gonzales: At least say about eight months or something. And so
James Gonzales: You know, and now they're they're back in their closest ever so she'll probably there's, I don't know what should probably show up. She has a car and everything. No, she
James Gonzales: She even picked her up one time she stays with
James Gonzales: With my ex is ongoing empty in Edgewood
James Gonzales: So she she
James Gonzales: Yeah, she even came and picked her up one time by yourself. In general, you know. So I think that was a cool
James Gonzales: Cool thing for both the moon, you know, they got to like kind of like a
James Gonzales: Little a little growing up kind of thing. And they were using today, you know, she got to but
James Gonzales: Yeah. And then my other sister is moving back from Washington. She has three kids and she's a
James Gonzales: She's a really good influence on on her too.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She's
James Gonzales: She's real
James Gonzales: Like hyperactive. I guess like proactive, like, you know, like, Mom, and everything like well balanced person.
James Gonzales: And she's got will
James Gonzales: I'm sorry, her oldest daughter Isabella, she's just a year younger, but she's
James Gonzales: She's everybody's not her age. And you know, I mean, and it's it's it's it doesn't work like you know
James Gonzales: But I think on and so she with her moving back like she's moving back Sunday. Actually, the day after her birthday song.
James Gonzales: I think that's going to be a really big thing for the future for to, you know,
James Gonzales: That last part.
I was
James Gonzales: I was just saying, I think that's gonna be another good, a good thing for her in her life. You know, I mean as far as
James Gonzales: Because, like, oh, you know, I was getting worried about her, like, just because she's starting to roll up the neck have each her baby boys is gone, you know, and she can be a living soul and
James Gonzales: Like I was worried because she's like me with her. I could choose she has an addictive personality, you know,
James Gonzales: Like someone says like almost
James Gonzales: Like my little you know
She's
James Gonzales: Real athletic and she's just like exactly like me, it seems like enough.
James Gonzales: So I was like, read about her that she's you know going to have hard times this early childhood and then and then because I've seen people, you know, you might have to, like, you know, any every single age, they could, you know, they could turn in and go the other way. You know it.
James Gonzales: Doesn't matter how old you are, what you don't know your life or if you're a doctor or business owner and you know
James Gonzales: So,
James Gonzales: It doesn't always have to happen when you're young, you know, I mean, or any particular age song.
James Gonzales: But
James Gonzales: I was, I was just worried that it was going to happen or, you know,
James Gonzales: Another
James Gonzales: My
James Gonzales: My, my mom's my mom's brother, my uncle, he had a granddaughter. I guess that's his granddaughter. Yeah, and she
James Gonzales: Got she she sort of her parents, you know, we're separated kind of way and kind of similar to what's happening to my daughter.
James Gonzales: And then night and she said she stayed with
James Gonzales: My uncle and id like to her, you know, childhood and then
James Gonzales: And then when she you know
James Gonzales: came again and stuff like that she
James Gonzales: Just she just went off the deep end. You know what I mean, like, I guess like like lightning. That's what I did, too. But let them. I mean, she she died. She died. She didn't make it past 21 you know
James Gonzales: She died until
James Gonzales: She was to see me and I know she didn't have the seals beat her up or something like that. She died, but because she was so, so far gone already. You know,
James Gonzales: It just like you said, I'm just comparing it to what I what I see happening. You know, I don't want to hop into my daughter. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you have that fear and that concern that a lot of parents that have addiction have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Seen
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And just really assessing some of my business precipitated factors.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And things that might be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Precursors a wow I don't want my child to have mile, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With that while it can be a lot of guilt associated with that a lot of shame. It also gives you opportunity to position yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To be an effective parents in the fact of communicating spending time with your child education because you can have that live experience.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So in a child development way when it's appropriate of really being able to share these were my struggles, and this is why I know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That drugs is not the answer. This is what my experience was. And, you know, really preparing them for that it gets a lot of patients that share that same concern.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And to me, that's, that's always a positive thing because that's an indicator that one you're highly motivated to remain sober, because you have a strong connection and protective factor for your child.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And children are just known to be strong motivators for parents and so with having a whenever you think about where you see different things that may be a concern for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You remind yourself that. Okay, this is my silver brain that speaking. That's really encouraging me to be a better parent to get involved to speak to my dormitory for each nurture attack.
James Gonzales: Exactly. That's exactly I feel because like I told you before,
James Gonzales: I was
James Gonzales: No on my little
James Gonzales: strung out mission of, you know, in my 20s or whatever.
James Gonzales: It kind of just happened to me like
James Gonzales: But a time like I told you I you know I did it on purpose, almost, you know, I knew exactly what I was doing.
James Gonzales: And and then
James Gonzales: And yeah, I just, I used to look back, I used to look at the other people like when I was in the lattice. And I felt sorry for those people that have kids, you know,
James Gonzales: And I'm like, How could I was like, Well, I don't have no kids human I wouldn't let that happen. You know, it's the inner self doubt.
James Gonzales: I couldn't let that happen but
James Gonzales: And and well yeah that's what kills me the most, you know, pretty much that.
James Gonzales: Because I didn't have to happen. I mean, I didn't get I didn't happen until
James Gonzales: After the whole breakup and everything. You know, I just, I was just stripped down to nothing and and i just i that's when I just I just didn't give before you know I mean because my whole reputation was messed up my job, my, you know, and then I got charges and
James Gonzales: You know, I mean, I just lost. I lost everything. So that's when I just
James Gonzales: might as well use
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, so
James Gonzales: Cuz
James Gonzales: That and I really actually used it to cover up all that, you know,
James Gonzales: And I know exactly what I was doing. And it worked. It worked. They did it covered up pretty good. I'm good for me. No.
James Gonzales: I don't know much about a year and a half or two years is for
My girl last
James Gonzales: Mission worse.
Well,
James Gonzales: Um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well you know that this because you said, you know, that kind of what led to that spiral that loss of that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relationship and then here in the net you have with your daughter, and even the examples that you want us to be through your steps are is, you know, the shows that you really value relationship. So that's going to be something to keep in mind in your sobriety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What relationships are my invited into my life. So really increasing your exposure to those relationships that work well for you and being able to assess some red flags and things that in relationships that might not be working so well and disconnecting yourself from
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This will be part of your relapse prevention plan. So right now, you've identified another sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Identified your daughter, who else do you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Establish as a healthy social support.
James Gonzales: Um,
James Gonzales: I mean I have many others but it's just realistically anymore, especially with the call did but since my grandparents died, you know that.
James Gonzales: The jammy the family doesn't
Even really
James Gonzales: Like they're not as close as it used to.
James Gonzales: Because like I said my mom's my, on my mom's side. She's one of seven.
James Gonzales: And she's got five brothers and a sister and my auntie her younger sister. She's. She's good. She's a, she's a really good
James Gonzales: Role model, I guess, for you know she she was for, I don't know, like my sisters and and for she's actually my godmother, but for
James Gonzales: My other cousins, you know, this my other cousins.
James Gonzales: You know, which are females that you know as they grew up. She was like, really close to them, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And
James Gonzales: It would be
James Gonzales: It would be, you know, if things were the same, but really you know about everything everybody that I've
James Gonzales: That I mentioned, I think, is probably pretty much pretty much it realistically that she's going to be exposed to me.
James Gonzales: Um, but
James Gonzales: No.
James Gonzales: And
James Gonzales: And I'm also
James Gonzales: I'm also
James Gonzales: Have a check, but I'm estimating that little housing vouchers going to be ready, probably at least it's within the next week or two.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that's
James Gonzales: Another thing, I'm going to be up against because
James Gonzales: You know, I'm gonna have to
James Gonzales: Be alone, and I'm gonna have to put up with them.
James Gonzales: deflecting
James Gonzales: You know,
James Gonzales: We're men's be you know addictive behavior. That's the hard part. You know, because
James Gonzales: It's hard. I'm just going to concentrate on being alone, but
James Gonzales: The Albuquerque socks all everybody's asked all the chicks new drugs.
James Gonzales: Is is. And while that's the reason why my last one started out really good beats because we're both on common ground.
James Gonzales: As you are or sobriety.
James Gonzales: You know she was on the same page. And we're both
On
James Gonzales: Well, I was two years clean but you know she was like, you know, I don't know, six months or whatever, but she had a, you know, so it was easy, then you know i mean i was like
James Gonzales: At the time,
James Gonzales: You know, I have got out of a two year program and and and you know so which I wasn't allowed to, you know, be in a relationship for nothing. So I was going on, you know, with all kinds of different chicks and they all did jobs, except for her, you know,
James Gonzales: And that's why, what
James Gonzales: Made me stick with her and then I mean were together for like 11 years, you know, um, but, uh,
James Gonzales: Yeah, I mean,
James Gonzales: It was it was we didn't even fight for like six, seven years, like, ever. You know, like it was really good until
James Gonzales: Until you know started drinking and
James Gonzales: And partying and little by little, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, so it because she was newer in her sobriety six months and so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, the station of those things. And those lifestyles probably hard for her to resist it, and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The next wall.
James Gonzales: Well, I mean, all by the time
James Gonzales: Well, I guess you could say. But like it. It already been like, you know, eight years like
James Gonzales: For her and and
James Gonzales: You know,
James Gonzales: I think I was always coming up on like 10 years, you know, and it was then she was, she was still at like, you know, I was two years ahead of her book.
James Gonzales: But he's
James Gonzales: Still liquor, it was still a long time you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But, but, you know, let me take that back because it really does it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Even matter how long, or how short
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because sobriety is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not daily commitment you know you have people
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: over decades, and it can be a trigger.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That leads
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To such emotional distress that a relapse. So
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is it a golden number
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That equates to sobriety is just a
Commitment.
James Gonzales: Right, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And, you know,
James Gonzales: Like I said, and I knew that. And you know, I never would. I never would, you know, chant my my my years or whatever, you know, some time will tell. Some people are sometimes if if they needed to hear it, you know, and, and as
James Gonzales: My I used to even go to like
James Gonzales: The middle schools and stuff and do speaking engagements and
James Gonzales: Such a
You know,
James Gonzales: What do you call it success story. You know, I guess you could say.
James Gonzales: I was but um
James Gonzales: Yeah, after a while, like, you know, I was, I am. I'd like to be that guy that always that's all he talked about and then so
James Gonzales: I never really, I never really
James Gonzales: kind of stopped counting, pretty much. You know what I mean. And then, like I said, little by little, you just started from the with drinking and then, you know, and then I think, yeah, then just getting getting stressed out work, you know,
And and
James Gonzales: That's so
James Gonzales: I don't know because like I i got to a point where
James Gonzales: Where I wanted to be like, I mean hours.
James Gonzales: You know, I had, I was buying a house and big huge house. I had a bunch of cars I hadn't motorcycles. I had everything I wanted to me.
James Gonzales: But my job started getting so stressful.
And
James Gonzales: And then that's right when right when we started like fighting a lot too. So, and it really song with both of them like like they were just everything was you know tensing up around me. So I almost I almost did it like I had do it. I almost did it on purpose, you know, will kind of, I mean,
James Gonzales: It was it was already happening. But yeah.
James Gonzales: I was like,
James Gonzales: Man, I'm gonna have to and
James Gonzales: Actually, I kind of had to to get away from her, like, I really do. Because I wasn't gonna she's gonna let me go. If I unless I didn't have anything really.
James Gonzales: And this always down to zero. Like, I was like, you know, and first she she like she took all my clothes she took all my briefcase, so I couldn't even get like an ID or not the issue to my my license. She took my wallet. Like, then she
James Gonzales: Knew she did it in a way where like when I wasn't there. You know, when she was when she was moving out and she
James Gonzales: Took all my stuff that just to like to help sabotage me know me and know
James Gonzales: And
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I wanna backtrack. Just a bit because you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Said it was almost like self sabotage. That's what I heard.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because yeah, just ship just was no longer working
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it's like, you have to have nothing for it. Finally, and so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What that tells me is that it may may have some difficulties with creating boundaries or with any in a relationship, just by you verbalizing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can rather than yourself so that you don't have to deliver the message.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So we can work on building up those skills to know how to how to navigate
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: healthy boundaries communication skills so that you can get a place
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Nice, the relationship isn't working. Well, you don't have to self sabotage.
James Gonzales: So that the relationship
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is going to crumbles.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can just communicate them. This isn't working for me.
James Gonzales: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In there are several people that have that that challenge with being able to express those limitations. It's all about just communication. SIGHS
James Gonzales: Yeah, I mean, I'm I tried that. Believe me, I did.
James Gonzales: Not one point. I mean, I just
James Gonzales: Down to, you know, I don't want to be with you in the world like this, you know, but she was just, it was just sort of like we're still playing house because we had the kids and everything so was everything. And then it was sort of like, and then it was sort of like seemed like she would
James Gonzales: You know, I don't know, like, it will just sort of work for a while and then I mean, and then by that time we were already you know on drugs and everything June's drinking a lot
James Gonzales: And doing, you know, Coke and math and stuff. So it was like our where our brains and we're gone. Or, you know, I mean like our I was I was driving myself crazy just trying to
James Gonzales: You know, come up with my before thousand dollar overhead for to run my house and pay my bills and everything.
And
James Gonzales: And she wasn't helped at all.
James Gonzales: I mean like if she was a stay at home mom for
James Gonzales: You know 10 years and and it started with because you know my kids and stuff. And I didn't want them to have, you know, go to
James Gonzales: Like get care, nothing like that. And it was okay because it could afford everything was fine and dandy intervene and then like shooting.
James Gonzales: And she couldn't find a damn job she was looking for a job for like the last
James Gonzales: The last three years that I mean
James Gonzales: At the end, the last three years of the, the whole thing and
James Gonzales: I don't know. She was just faking or or she are pretending shoes filling out applications, but she couldn't find a job for like three years.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like four years like
James Gonzales: I don't even
James Gonzales: Think she I think she still hasn't done
James Gonzales: Because my mom told me that she was lying shows lies about about her jobs. I was like, nah, I told you she's liar everything she says
James Gonzales: But, um, yeah. I mean, and
James Gonzales: Yeah, but, um,
James Gonzales: But yeah, oh yeah. So, and, and it was crazy, because even when even when it was at the very I guess it's a very, very end.
James Gonzales: towards the very end and like within the last six months or a year. Um, cuz I mean like I was doing so good. It took me like two years to fall to three years. You're mean. And, but, uh,
James Gonzales: She wouldn't even because of course. I would never, I wasn't like eligible for food stamps or anything like that but
James Gonzales: At the end she she easily could have went and got them and everything like that. But she would just leave it all up to me. You know what I mean like when we're doing really fashionable didn't even
James Gonzales: Get the pinky to try to you know get any assistance anything and and you know there was there was a few nights where
James Gonzales: You know, like that they were waiting for me to get home for the interview NEED TO BRING DINNER. Like there's absolutely nothing. You know, and that was that was the hardest part for me but I made it happen. You know, I mean, they never went without but
James Gonzales: There was just like wow, why didn't you do anything you don't have too much pressure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And she was fresh
James Gonzales: Can't you do anything. Yeah, she and
James Gonzales: She was just watching me go crazy and you
Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So our next question, I would want us to have some
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Very interesting videos that I usually add
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Think that the one that talks about relationships and boundaries.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Would be good because I'm hearing. There's a lot of things that like happening for us and a good positive things and I want you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To go through this journey of sobriety, just like with the new lens and the perspective of like really just looking out to see what is going to contribute to my sobriety and then have a separation of what will not and being able to operate in those
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Channels so that your emotions. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Don't get, you know, involved in your processes at the beginning because I know in the course of a relationship. It's hard to not allow emotions.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But your assessment in your judgment is going to be most important at the beginning stages of the relationship because you can go in it with that perspective. Oh, really soon. You know, through those compartments. And then from there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Being able to now involve other characteristics of your well being.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm going to have you check into virtual clinic.
James Gonzales: Um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You could just tell them that you showed up for the session. And it was only 30 minutes. Okay. And let me see.
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I have another client.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This a busy, busy day. Right. Yeah.
James Gonzales: It's almost Friday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, and I find that when it closed vacation is like I ended up working harder.
James Gonzales: Yeah, oh yeah, it is every time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. All right.
James Gonzales: Seems like it's never going to get them.
James Gonzales: So, so are we are we
James Gonzales: Do we do this every month or would you say, how often do we
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Every other week, so I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Gotta Thursday, June 4 at six o'clock this hour.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For you.
James Gonzales: Yeah, I think so, yes.
James Gonzales: I sounds fun.
James Gonzales: Well, good can't find my pen, but you can, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Me, I always. Yeah, I'll do that notification a day before
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I'll
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: be your moderator tonight as well.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. All right, take care. Nice.
James Gonzales: Okay. Thank you, Jessica.